The keywords INTRN and OUTDAT are the filename of the input and output data files, respectively. 
OTFIG is the filename prefix of the visualization results generated by DMCP and the format of these figures is optional, including jpg, png, and pdf.
The keyword PSCAL controls the feature scaling: OFF, NOR, STA, and REG means no data scaling, normalization, standardization, and regularization processing, respectively. 
The noise processing is controlled by the keyword PNOSE, and its value determines the distribution range of noises while 0 means the noise processing is not employed. 
Original data is reproduced with randomly distributed noises in the scale of -x to x (x is the values of the keyword PNOSE). The keyword PSPLT controls the dataset split and its values are the percentage of the training dataset. The keyword GCRVA controls whether the cross-validation is employed (ON or OFF) while the value of the keyword GREPT is the number of repeated trials. 
When the cross-validation and repeated trails are applied together, the value of GREPT is the repeat times of the training procedure in each dataset split and the value of the keyword GCVRN is the number of the rounds of cross-validation.
The selected algorithm is determined by the keyword GMODL: the corresponding GMODL values of are GBR (for Gradient Boosted Regression), KNR (k-Neighbor Regression), SVR (Support Vector Regression), GPR (Gaussian Process Regression), FNN (Feedforward Neural Network), RFR (Random Forest Regression), ETR (Extra Trees Regression), KRR (Kernel Ridge Regression), LASSO (Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator Regression) and ENR (Elastic Net Regression). Several algorithms can be selected at the same time to establish different machine learning models by simply enumerating the corresponding values of GMODL.
The model parameters can be provided by the keyword PRX where X represents the abbreviations (also the values of GMODL) of the algorithms.
The keyword VVOLN in the visualization module controls the draw of the violin plot. 
The keyword VCOMP is related to the histogram The keywords that control the switch of the scatter plot and the pie chart are respectively VSCAM and VFTIM and their values are the selected machine learning model which is usually the best performing model. 
The keyword VPRAS controls whether the Pearson correlation map is drawn.
To predict the catalytic performance, the corresponding feature values should be generated and transported into the model at first, which is controlled by the keyword INPRE and its value is the filename of the input data used for prediction. 
And the keyword GPREM determines the model used in the prediction process which is usually the best performing model and it is also the switch of the prediction function in DMCP.
